README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

<p align="center"># Tours Global Event Summit </p>
---------------------------------------------------------

## About Laravel
This is a project that shows the tours event, speakers and activities organised.

![screenshot](./images/app-screenshot.png)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS and Javascript.
- SASS
- Git, Github and VsCode.

### Active Link
 - Click [here](https://billionsjoel.github.io/) for the live site.
 - Note : The link will be available after project is approved.

### Prerequisites
- A modern upto-date browser

### Setup
 - copy the git link for cloning.

### Install
 - Open terminal
 - run git clone (link)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
  - Clone the repository using the repo link [here](git+https://github.com/billionsjoel/tour-event-app.git/)
  - Open terminal and navigate to the downloaded / project folder
  - run npm install
  - run npm run compile:sass
  - run npm install live-server.
  - run live-server

### Usage
- double click on the html index file to open in browser.

## Authors

👤 **Billions Atugonza joel**

- GitHub: [@billionsjoel](https://github.com/billionsjoel)
- Twitter: [@billionsjoel](https://twitter.com/BillionsJoel)
- LinkedIn: [@billionsjoel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/billionsjoel/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/billionsjoel/tour-event-app/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- I acknowledge the beautiful design by [Cindy Shin](https://www.behance.net/adagio07)
- I acknowledge the hosting platfrom where i got the design on [behance.net](behance.net)
- Lastly i acknowledge microverse for making all this possible

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within this project, please send an e-mail to Billions Joel via [joelatugonza@gmail.com](mailto:joelatugonza@gmail.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed and subject to all creative cloud (cc) lincences.

Commit message:

Add video link to readme.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

<p align="center"># Tours Global Event Summit </p>
---------------------------------------------------------

## About Laravel
This is a project that shows the tours event, speakers and activities organised.

![screenshot](./images/app-screenshot.png)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS and Javascript.
- SASS
- Git, Github and VsCode.

### Active Link
 - Click [here](https://billionsjoel.github.io/) for the live site.

### Demo Link
 - Click [here](https://www.loom.com/share/b35c811fea9c4ef8885913104b3da3d8) for the demo video of the site.

### Prerequisites
- A modern upto-date browser

### Setup
 - copy the git link for cloning.

### Install
 - Open terminal
 - run git clone (link)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
  - Clone the repository using the repo link [here](git+https://github.com/billionsjoel/tour-event-app.git/)
  - Open terminal and navigate to the downloaded / project folder
  - run npm install
  - run npm run compile:sass
  - run npm install live-server.
  - run live-server

### Usage
- double click on the html index file to open in browser.

## Authors

👤 **Billions Atugonza joel**

- GitHub: [@billionsjoel](https://github.com/billionsjoel)
- Twitter: [@billionsjoel](https://twitter.com/BillionsJoel)
- LinkedIn: [@billionsjoel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/billionsjoel/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/billionsjoel/tour-event-app/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- I acknowledge the beautiful design by [Cindy Shin](https://www.behance.net/adagio07)
- I acknowledge the hosting platfrom where i got the design on [behance.net](behance.net)
- Lastly i acknowledge microverse for making all this possible

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within this project, please send an e-mail to Billions Joel via [joelatugonza@gmail.com](mailto:joelatugonza@gmail.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.


## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed and subject to all creative cloud (cc) lincences.
